### Today family members do not eat meals together. Is this a positive or negative trend? 

  Perhaps one minor negative side of not having family mealtime is the absence of a structured eating routine. Communal Dining may offer a fixed mealtime and home cooking, forming good eating habits. Without it, individuals may be more prone to irregular eating patterns, such as skipping meals or consuming convenient food, which lead to bad physical health. However, It would not be a case of concern as one is nutrient-conscious and tries to maintain a balanced diet by managing their food intake sufficiently. Thus, not having a fixed mealtime does not necessarily mean unhealthy eating habits.
  
  Despite the negativity mentioned above, the declining absence of communal dining actually engenders a greater flexibility for individuals. Eating alone is less time-consuming, allowing individuals to freely manage their own schedule to prioritize their personal responsibility of work or study, and choose to have meals at a more suitable time. To a broader extent, having a meal with co-workers would serve as a social activity in which individuals can get involved in to develop their own fruitful working partnerships. If it wasis not the case, individuals would/could beare more available to try a diverse food appetite or follow a special dietary restriction regarding personal preference. These elements could be absent when they get involved themselves into the constraint of a fixed mealtime or an obligated feeling to conform to the general appetite within family members.

### Some universities now offer their courses on the Internet so that people can study online. Is this a positive or negative development?
  
  Internet-based learning is widely available for people to gain access to higher education programs. Despite the downside presented, I would argue that there are far more benefits.
  
  Perhaps one minor negativity of online learning is the lack of in-person interaction, which deprives individuals of engaging in face-to-face conversations and academic discussions with tutors and peers. Consequently, it would hinder individuals to develop a sense of accountability and thereby staying disciplined may remain as a great challenge. However, attributing these challenges solely to the absence of physical interaction can be seen as an excuse, rather than a valid concern, as one can only acquire these qualities on their own regardless of learning platforms they participate in. It is not to mention the structured learning environment and progress tracking tools provided by online courses to facilitate self-regulation. Thus, admittedly downside exists, it is a matter of self-awareness and internet-based learning itself has provided a solution for learners.
	
 Despite the negativity mentioned above, online course setting actually engenders a greater convenience for individuals by eliminating the need to commute to physical campuses. This removes geographical barriers and saves valuable commuting time, particularly benefiting individuals belonging to ethnic groups or residing in remote areas with limited transportation access. If widely available, online courses are strongly recommended as a viable alternative to studying abroad, as they enable individuals to overcome financial constraints associated with the additional costs of living and overseas travel. In a broader extent, the absence of these obstacles is meant to the increase of intellectual standards, by facilitating fair accessibility to higher education on a global scale, and thereby fostering advancement and development of a nation.

  As mentioned above, while I am aware of the possible  disadvantages of online learning courses, I still consider it to be a positive development overall.
