## _1.Economic progress is often used to measure a country's success. However, some people believe that other factors are more important. What other factors should also be considered when measuring a country's success? Do you think one factor is more important than others?_

  The relative success of different countries is usually defined in economic terms. There are several other factors, apart from the economy, that could be used to assess a country, and in my opinion educaton is the most important of all.

  Standards of education, health, and individual human rights should certainly be considered when measuring a country's status. A good education system is vital for the development of any nation, with schools, colleges and university bearing the responsibility for the quality of future generations of workers. Healthcare provision is also an indicator of the standard of living within a country and this can be mesuured by looking at average life expectancy rates or avaiablility of medical service. Finally, human rights and levels of equality could be taken into account. For example, a contry in which women do not have the same opportunities as men might be cosnidere less successful than a country with better gender equality.

  In my view, a country's education system should be seen as the most important indicator of its success and level of development. This is because education has a considerable effect on the other two factors emntioned above. It affects people's health in the sense that doctors and nurses need to be trained, and scientists need to be eductie to the highest levels before they can carry out medical research. It also affects the economy in the sense tht a well-educated workforce will allow a variety of companies and industries to flourish, leading to trade with other countries, and increased wealth.

  In conclusion, nation can be assessed and compared in a variety of ways, but I would agree that the standard of a country's education system is the best measure of its success.

